[BOT] Process changelog for 'release/T25.jessicajones' (#2770)
the-events-calendar/tribe-common: changelog.md

# Changelog

### [6.9.4] 2025-09-23

> * Feature - The Troubleshooting page now detects and flags outdated PHP Versions, an incorrectly set up PHP time zone, active caching plugins. [TCMN-203]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Feature - The Troubleshooting page now detects and flags outdated PHP Versions, incorrectly sets up PHP time zones and active caching plugins. [TCMN-203]
```
